docs: enhanced description for instrumentations in package.json (#2202)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: GUIDELINES.md

- In situations where the patch logic is not trivial and it helps to specify patch events in the right context and nuances. `aws-lambda` logs additional properties extracted from the lambda framework and exposes them for troubleshooting.

The cases above are not covered by the base class and offer additional context to the user troubleshooting an issue with the instrumentation.

## package.json

> ### description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Description
```
nit

> Instrumentation should include a `description` field in the `package.json` file. The description targets human reader and is an oprutinity to communicate the use case for the instrumented package and it semconv namespace. It should help users understand at a glance whether the package fits their application and decrypt the sometimes cryptic instrumented package name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instrumentation should include a `description` field in the `package.json` file. The description targets human readers and is an opportunity to communicate the use case for the instrumented package and it semconv namespace. It should help users understand at a glance whether the package fits their application and decrypt the sometimes cryptic instrumented package name.
```
